Workflow release notes + new content re submitting changes (#5880)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 10/umbraco-workflow/release-notes.md

This section contains the release notes for Umbraco Workflow 10 including all changes for this version.

> #### [10.3.7](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Workflow.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F10.3.7) (February 28th 2024)

Reviewer: This link doesn't show any records

* Fixes issue where invariant workflows on variant content would publish previously published, but currently unpublished, variants [#52](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Workflow.Issues/issues/52)
* Fixes issue where split-view allowed publishing content without using Workflow [#53](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Workflow.Issues/issues/53)

> The above fixes introduce an updated UI for requesting workflow approvals - refer to [Submitting changes for approval](./getting-started/submitting-changes.md) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above fixes introduce an updated UI for requesting workflow approvals. For more information, see the [Submitting Content for Approval](./getting-started/submitting-changes.md) article.
```
